Initial documentation for compendium (#201)
higherkindness/compendium: docs/docs/index.md

---
layout: homeFeatures
features:

>  - first:   ["Schema management", "Store and retrieve your schemas in different formats and with schema versioning included."]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - first:   ["Schema management", "Store and retrieve your schemas in different formats, schema versioning included."]
```

>  - second:  ["Conversion", "Format-agnostic ensures the hability to handle the most popular schema formats and handle conversions between them."]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - second:  ["Conversion", "Format-agnostic ensures the ability to handle the most popular schema formats and perform conversions between them."]
```
